[Music]
unit one greetings hello James
how are you Chris nice to see you I'm
fine and you
I couldn't be better
I'm glad to hear that what are you doing
here I came for a walk with my wife I
don't see your wife where is she now she
went to get something to eat
she'll be back soon great I can't wait
to say hello to her I'm sure my wife
will be happy to see you too hi hello
what's up nothing much I'm just waiting
for the bus have you been waiting for
the bus for a long time I've been
waiting for about 30 minutes 40 minutes
is a long time to wait for the bus I
think so too
maybe you should wait over there
why should I wait over there because the
bus stop is over there this is the post
box
hello hi this is Chris is Terry there hi
Chris this is Terry how's life life is
great but I have not seen you in a long
time yes it has been a long time since
we've seen each other I'm so glad you
called
all is well with you everything is great
listen I've got this amazing story to
tell you really my battery is dead unit
to leave taking your wife has been gone
for a long time
yes she has do you think she will be
back soon she should be back any minute
now I'd love to stay but I have to go
now you cannot wait a couple more
minutes I really have to go now please
give my regards to your wife for me I
will take care thanks you too see you
again
is this your bus I'm waiting for the
number 14 bus this is the 14 okay well I
have to go now okay it was nice talking
to you it was nice meeting you
thanks for your help it's my pleasure
nice to meet you too bye bye bye
thank you so much for your help no
problem
I like to help you are so kind well I
should be going okay good luck take care
thank you hope to see you later you can
call me if you want okay see you
unit three introducing oneself and
others chris is that you Terry
fancy meeting you here long time no see
it has been a long time who's your
friend this is my wife Katrina I'm
pleased to meet you Katrina darling this
is Terry we played on the same
basketball team in high school
nice to meet you Terry we were about to
have dinner
would you like to join us oh thanks but
uh I'm having dinner with my mother
tonight and I must be going
it was good to see you good to see you
too bye-bye
hi Don hi Mike who's your friend
have you met Tina before no I don't
think so
Don this is my friend Tina Tina this is
my colleague dawn hello Tina it's nice
to meet you it's nice to meet you too
Don
excuse me yes may I introduce myself my
name is Elroy Jetson hello nice to meet
you thanks and nice to meet you too I
sell computers you sell computers yes if
you ever need a computer please call me
okay all right I do appreciate it I will
call you if I need a computer no trouble
at all
units for inquiring about health
[Music]
what's the matter with you oh I had a
small accident a small accident it looks
like you broke your leg yes I did break
my leg how did you break your leg I fell
off a skateboard you have a skateboard
no it was my friend's skateboard does it
hurt yes it hurts please don't do that
sorry can I sign your cast yes sure but
please be gentle
what's wrong jail I don't feel so good
you sound terrible are you coming down
with something I feel terrible I think I
might be coming down with the flu have
you seen a doctor no I haven't seen a
doctor yet have you taken any drugs I'm
going to the drugstore now I will go to
the drugstore with you what seems to be
the trouble I don't feel very good
[Music]
what is wrong my stomach hurts your
stomach hurts
anything else well I have diarrhea your
stomach hurts and you have diarrhea what
did you have for lunch
seafood and salad mmm-hmm
do you want some medicine I think some
medicine might help me I will give you
this pill if you do not feel better by
tomorrow please come again
okay if I do not feel better by tomorrow
then I will come back again thank you
you're welcome
unit five making an appointment
I was wondering if you'd like to go out
to dinner on Thursday I cannot go out on
Thursday I am busy are you busy on
Friday yes I am busy on Friday that's
too bad
are you busy next week let me think
yes I am but I'll be free next Wednesday
perhaps you'd be interested in going out
to dinner what sounds lovely
great we'll have dinner together next
Wednesday I was wondering if you would
like to go to the circus the circus I'm
afraid I can't I don't like clowns how
about going to see a concert I'd be
delighted to see a concert what time do
you want to meet can I pick you up at 3
p.m. 3 p.m. is great where will you pick
me up at how about I pick you up at your
house great can I invite my sister too
of course that's very kind of you
hello
can I make an appointment over the phone
yes you can can I make an appointment
for 7:00 a.m. on Wednesday I'm sorry you
cannot make an appointment for that time
we're not the office does not open until
9:00 a.m. I see can I make the
appointment for 11:30 a.m. yes 11:30
a.m. on Wednesday should be fine thank
you you're welcome
unit six making a request hey can you
help me sure what do you need do you
know how to burn a CD sure I know how to
burn a CD I want to make a CD of my
favorite songs okay no problem
I can do that it's easy Thanks I'll pay
you you don't need to pay me it's my
pleasure Thanks is there anything I can
do to help
where are the CDs you want copy here
they are and here are the songs I want
to copied and here is a blank CD great
that's all I need
excuse me can you give me a hand
yes what's the matter my scooter has a
flat tire hmm is it flat or did you
puncture it I'm not sure I think it has
a puncher would you like me to help you
change it that would be nice
I've never changed a flat tire before
well I'll show you how to do it
thanks and if it ever happens again you
can do it yourself
thanks so much you are very kind it's my
pleasure do you have a spare tire I
don't have one oh sorry I can't help you
then unit 7 interrupting
you you hey you you are you talking to
me yes you that is not very polite
it's not no it's not polite at all I'm
sorry I'm not trying to be impolite if
you would like to interrupt me or get my
attention you can say excuse me excuse
me
yes that's right you can even say pardon
me pardon me yes that's right now let's
start again
excuse me
yes uh pardon me
very good what can I do for you I'm
sorry I forgot why I was interrupting
you
excuse me do you have the time yes it's
half past three half past three great
pardon me are you finished with the
sports section yet yes I am finished
with the sports section could you tell
me who won the game Brazil or France
here you can have the sports section oh
great thank you
sure sorry to interrupt do you have a
lighter no I don't I don't smoke unit 8
asking for information I'm hoping you
can help me what do you need help with
I'm looking for information about visa
requirements visa requirements for what
country does it matter what country yes
different countries have different
requirements really yes really for
example New Zealand has different
requirements than United States what is
the best way to find information about
visa requirements well maybe you can
find information on the internet but the
best thing to do is go to the embassy of
the country you want to go to so if I go
to the embassy I will find out what
information I need that's right do you
happen to know where the American
Embassy is it's on Broadway Avenue next
to the McDonald's thank you so much good
luck hello I just wanted to ask what
time do you close what day sir o Fridays
on Friday and Saturday the kitchen
closes at midnight
and the restaurant closes at 2:00 and we
place on weekdays the kitchen closes at
10:00 p.m. and the restaurant closes at
midnight what time do you stop serving
drinks we stop serving drinks about ten
minutes before closing and what time do
you open we open at 10:00 a.m. every day
thank you my pleasure unit 9 asking for
clarification are you going to work
tomorrow yes of course what time are you
going to work 9:00 a.m. I have to be at
work by 9:00 a.m. so you are free before
9:00 a.m.
no I'll be getting ready for work before
wait what do you want do you want to
have breakfast with me tomorrow morning
no that's ok I've seen you every day
this week but I want to see you every
day no that's way too much
do you remember the other day when you
said your bicycle is old yes my bicycle
is getting kind of old now so you
remember saying that right right that's
what I said
and you said you should get a new
bicycle yes if I get some extra money I
should get a new bicycle remember how
you said that if I wanted to borrow your
bicycle I could sure I said that you are
my friend wait what's your point oh well
I borrowed your bicycle to go to
7-eleven and someone stole it
what who stole my bicycle but but
there's no problem right you were
planning on getting a new one unit ten
asking for directions
[Music]
excuse me could you tell me how to get
to the bus station from here which bus
station do you want to go to there's
more than one bus station yes there are
four bus stations oh I do not know that
well I want to go to LA okay
la is west of here so you need to go to
the Western bus terminal where is the
Western bus terminal that's over in
Finchley
it's too far to walk you'll have to take
a bus or a taxi I think I'll take a taxi
okay just tell the taxi driver you want
to go to the Western bus station great
thanks a lot you're welcome MX F that's
an R you eat glass excuse me yes pardon
me for interrupting but I'm lost and I'm
trying to find my way back to my hotel
where are you staying I'm staying at the
Penta Hotel oh the best way to get back
is take the subway take the subway yes
there is a subway station opposite your
hotel oh okay no the best way is to take
the bus why the bus takes longer she's
clearly from out of town and the subway
can be dangerous the subway is not
dangerous this time of day
it's not it is real it's not endangered
either of you unit 11 prohibition and
obligation good afternoon good afternoon
how may I help you well I have a
question well this is the information
booth I have an answer for you do you
have a light I'm sorry I don't
understand what you mean do you have a
light for a cigarette
oh I'm sorry I don't you're not allowed
to smoke indoors
oh I see do you have a smoking area
around here yes just outside in the
parking lot there is a bench and an
ashtray there that way yes and perhaps
you will find someone with a light there
thank you you're welcome
mm-hmm I'm sorry no photos allowed what
no photos allowed in this building why
can't I take a photo it's for security
reasons sir oh well can I shoot some
video I'm sorry no videos allowed either
what about if I take a picture with my
mobile phone
no one photos of any kind allowed in
this building sir no video either so
where can I take some pictures anywhere
outside the building is allowed so I can
take a picture in front yes that's right
what if I want a picture of that you can
buy pictures of that at the gift shop I
understand thank you unit 12 persuasion
and giving advice
[Music]
what's wrong with you
I'm tired and I have a headache why is
that I've been studying for hours for
this English exam you should take a
break do you think so yes you should
walk around stretch your legs okay
yeah good rest your eyes get a drink
ah I feel better you should eat
something too want me to order a pizza
that's a good idea
can I give you some advice I guess so
what is it you shouldn't play video
games at work but I'm just taking a
little break
yes but it looks bad well then why are
there games on this computer the games
came with the computer yeah
what's your point what would the boss
think if he saw you playing games and
not working I don't know
cool I love that game
what's your high score 20,000 128 haha
mine's over 30,000 keep practicing what
are you standing around here for
don't you have some work you should be
doing he
do you want some advice what you should
mind your own business waiter excuse me
are you ready to order
okay yes I'd like to have the spaghetti
and a cup of tea I like the beef steak
and salad and I'd like three slices of
pizza please okay this is a situation of
ordering the food in the restaurant okay
I would like or I like I like something
that means I want something very
politely
okay so waiter excuse me
remember X and s okay ex Cuse me 2x
excuse me excuse me excuse me are you
ready ready to order are you ready to
order
okay I yes I'd like to have the
spaghetti you can say I like I would
like ohright like or you can say like
this I I like I like okay I paused a
little bit okay actually your tongue is
right there write the word right the
style of the the D right I let you just
put your tongue there I stop I like I
like okay I I like okay I'm like I'd
like to have the spaghetti the spaghetti
remember don't say forget me oh okay
Spa spaghetti okay spaghetti the
spaghetti the spaghetti I'd like to have
the spaghetti I'd like to have the
spaghetti I'd like to have that means I
want to have I'd like to have the
spaghetti and a cup of tea please
a cup of tea you can say a cup of tea or
you can link them together cup up okay
this is cup okay and then link them
together cuppa cuppa cup you can say
copper or cup puffs
okay they say a cup o tea or a cup puffs
okay a cup of tea
I'd like to say a couple a cup of tea a
cup of tea please
please a cup of tea a cup of tea please
a copper or copper okay a cup of tea or
a cup of coffee or a cup of beer okay
yes I'd like to have the spaghetti and a
cup of tea please
be idle I oh I possibly I like I like I
like the beef steak remember beef steak
beef steak okay don't say it back okay
leap take a beep sec beeps beep steak
beef steak beef steak beef steak beef
steak and salad I like the beef steak
and the salad
I'd like a beef steak and the sorry I
like the beef steak and salad and I like
I like and I like and I'm like three
remember three
Pisa what would you do if you had a
million dollars what would you do if you
had a million dollars what about you
what would you do if you had a million
dollars now I give my parents a half or
I give my parents a half B I'd open my
own restaurant chain
I open my own restaurant chain I open I
open I open my own restaurant chain if I
had a million dollars I stopped studying
and just stay at home to play video
games if I had a million dollars I stop
I'd stop studying and just stay at home
to play video games and steering me I
think calm I think I'd I think I go shop
sorry
I think I go traveling all around the
world but you can say I think kite I
think Hut go traveling all around the
world Eve and me I buy I'd buy a big
house in a seaside city a big house in a
seaside city and me I buy a big house in
a seaside city where do you like to go
now that means a way to want to go now
maybe you'll a we are going we are going
out and then I don't know what plays or
which place you want to go and then I
can ask you where do you want to go now
or way do you like to go now I like to
go to the I like to go to sorry I like
to go to the cinema I like to go to the
cinema I like to go to the cinema or I
like to go to the theater I like to go
to the shopping more way do you like to
go now I like to go to the cinema I like
to go to the shopping more do you want
to go to the zoo with me you want to go
to the
and then you ask your friends or other
people do you want to go to the zoo with
me with do you want to go to the zoo
with me and remember one two we can say
in short form wanna water do you want to
go to the - sorry do you want to go to
the zoo with me wanna go - actually you
can say these do you want to go - do you
wanna go - do you want to go to the -
with me do you want to go to the zoo
with me do you wanna go to the zoo with
me do you want to go to the zoo with me
yeah sure let's go
sure remember this a sewer this is this
is special form we say sure sure
yeah sure let's go let's go remember we
have to have s here let's let somebody
go that means okay you can go I don't
care or or I let you to go but let's go
that mean let us go that means like we
go together let's go sure let's go
sorry I don't I'm busy studying you you
you say sorry I don't or I'm sorry or
I'm sorry I can't
and then you can say the reason I'm busy
studying I have to do the housework or
something like that
sorry I don't I'm busy studying is your
house next to the museum is your house
next to the museum next - you can say
next to be high in front of opposite
okay that is the direction is your house
next to the museum yes that's right if
it is correct or if it is not correct
you say no it's quite far from my house
no it's quite far from my house